---
layout: "../../lib/Layouts/BlogLayout.astro"
cover: "https://images.pexels.com/photos/1287145/pexels-photo-1287145.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=600"
title: "Being in Charge Motivates you - Here's How"
desc: "Today, I tried cold showers. Even though, I wasn't under the cold water for very long, I still felt the effect for quite a long time."
author: "Josh Terry Plays"
date: "3 Apr, 2023"
link: "articles/01"
---

## Introduction

**I'm planning on increasing my time under cold water as much as possible.**

Today, I also tried my first ever actual callisthenics workout. I tried a push day which consisted of exercises recommended by a person on TikTok. I felt pretty good after the workout and decided to take a nice cold shower which didn't last that long but to be honest is good step towards something much bigger.

Before, I started the workout however, I felt quite hot, stuffy and didn't really feel like working out. But, as soon as I took off my top, I felt much more motivated to progress through the workout. This could've been because taking off my shirt did something to my male brain or just that air circulation through my body got better.

On this journal, I would also like to create a nice workout routine for myself and also look for ways to motivate myself to actually do the workouts and stay consistant.

### Workout Routine

| Day       | Plan     |
| --------- | -------- |
| Monday    | Rest     |
| Tuesday   | Push Day |
| Wednesday | Rest     |
| Thursday  | Pull Day |
| Friday    | Rest     |
| Saturday  | Leg Day  |

What I really like about this routine is that I get two days of rest after my leg day and before my push day. However, it also has its own downsides. I will probably not be able to workout on Saturdays. I could adjust this routine as follows to overcome this challenge.

### Modified Workout Routine 01

| Day       | Plan     |
| --------- | -------- |
| Monday    | Rest     |
| Tuesday   | Push Day |
| Wednesday | Rest     |
| Thursday  | Pull Day |
| Friday    | Rest     |
| Saturday  | Leg Day  |

This routine will take into account the fact that I can't workout on Saturdays because of work. But, since most of the days family and I go outside somewhere to picnic I'll probably only have time to do the workout after around 3-4 pm which to be honest isn't ideal. I will probably be tired by the time I get home as well which would decease the chances of me actually doing the workouts. I seriously want to make it as easy as possible for myself to do these workouts. Therefore, I'll need to modify the workout further.

### Modified Workout Routine 02

| Day       | Plan     |
| --------- | -------- |
| Monday    | Rest     |
| Tuesday   | Push Day |
| Wednesday | Rest     |
| Thursday  | Pull Day |
| Friday    | Rest     |
| Saturday  | Leg Day  |

The routine above is probably the most optimal in my current situation. It takes into account my unavailability and other challenges I face on days: Saturday and Sunday.

Currently however, I have completed a push day workout on a Tuesday (today) and will need to do a pull day tomorrow to adjust to the optimal workout routine.

Workout routine page is just created [google](https://www.google.com) check out everything there!

I'll also need to go to the park tomorrow for this workout probably around 5-6 but I'm not sure yet.

I'll go to the park tomorrow to see how busy it is and then maybe if it's not that busy or I built up the courage I'll just do my workout. I'll just start with scapular shrugs to worm up and then I'll start the workout.
